README.md, before:

# World of Warcraft - The War Within TSM4 Groups

TSM4 Group Setup made by MonChSub

Setup is used by streamer [StudenAlbatroz](https://www.twitch.tv/studenalbatroz), due to popular request, I have published my setup for the whole community to use for free. 


If you have issues while importing, do a "/reload" or "/script ReloadUI();". Check if the group that caused the error was added properly.

If you need a quick video (No sound) of how to import / setup the TSM from scratch, [click here](https://youtu.be/-iwthyf1_o0).

# Changes to the Setup

> 28/02/2025 Changes
> - Adding 11.1 Items including BoEs
> - Added a lot of missing patterns
> - Added missing toys
> - Added Karazhan king loot table to groups
> - Added missing materials and misc items
> - Added many more things...

> 03/01/2025 Changes
> - Added 3 missing items to other groups

> 24/12/2024 Changes
> - A few operations still had undercut set to 1s, now changed to not undercut anything anymore. Last posted is first bought, so no need to undercut, ever.
> - Added a few TWW Recipes which were missing
> - Many other things over the past month, mostly item adjustments in groups.

> 16/11/2024 Changes
> - Simplifying operation min/max/normal prices
> - Min price now uses an average of just DBMarket and DBRegionMarketAvg, removing DBHistorical / DBRegionHistorical
> - Max price now uses just DBRegionMarketAvg instead of an average of DBRegionMarketAvg,DBRegionHistorical, and DBRegionSaleAvg
> - Normal price now uses just DBRegionMarketAvg instead of an average of DBRegionMarketAvg,DBRegionHistorical, and DBRegionSaleAvg
> - Lowered the min price of some operations by 5 to 10 percent, such as transmog since there were some complaints from people (Mostly ArgentDawn players lol)
> - Higher Max price set for xmog and patterns now that they just use DBRegionMarketAvg
> - Higher normal price of some operations such as Consumables, materials (region ah stuff), since if there are none available, it should be higher value.
> - Set bid percentage to 100% on all operations so there is just a buyout option (Who on earth bids nowadays anyway...)
> - Set XMOG operation to 12h post duration, down from 24h
> - Added some missing items to groups (There are probs more, WIP)

> 20/10/2024 Changes
> - Added more missing items
> - Moved now obtainable items out of unobtainables into their intended groups

> 05/10/2024 Changes
> - Added some missing items
> - Moved incorrectly grouped items to their intended groups (Some items may still be in the wrong group, slowly sorting)

> 04/09/2024 Changes
> - Added all level 1 & level 25 versions of TWW battle pets
> - Split battle pet groups to prevent future game crashes
> - Added new DMF Trinkets
> - Moved more items around to diff groups
> - idk what else i did but i did a lot xd

> 03/09/2024 Changes
> - Added TWW Items
> - Added Dragonflight Items
> - Added Naxx Crafts/Patterns
> - Added ZG Crafts/Patterns
> - Added many materials / consumables
> - Moved some items out of unobtainable as they are now obtainable (May be some still there that can be obtained)
> - Many enchants added

> 02/09/2024 Changes
> - Spread XMOG Group to prevent game memory crashes when adding/moving/removing from xmog group
> - Corrected 1 pattern to be in pattern group, was for some reason in xmog
> - Removing further invalid items from other groups
> - Merging Shadowlands groups to legacy in prep for adding new war within items
> - TBC - Work to add Dragonflight / War Within stuff

> 01/02/2022 Changes
> - Removed single export file due to the export being too big and causing errors.
> - Added individual group exports, due to TSM4 Errors

> 24/01/2022 Changes
> - Added a load of missing level 1 & 25 pets to the groups
> - Added a couple of Vanilla - BfA transmog items
> - Increased normal operation price for transmog (Was posting below region market avg, should now post at or just above (based on region sale avg and historical too)).
> - Probably added other things, I forgot about, who knows?

> 04/01/2022 Changes
> - Added additional 9.1.5 Items (Cosmetics, etc)
> - Fixed "Invalid price" some people were getting? I think?


> 21/08/2021 Changes
> - Shadowlands: Fixed TSM Strings (Should no longer error)
> - Shadowlands: Added some 9.1 Items to the groups

Commit message:

Added more missing items and stuff yes yes

README.md, after:

# World of Warcraft - The War Within TSM4 Groups

TSM4 Group Setup made by MonChSub

Setup is used by streamer [StudenAlbatroz](https://www.twitch.tv/studenalbatroz), due to popular request, I have published my setup for the whole community to use for free. 


If you have issues while importing, do a "/reload" or "/script ReloadUI();". Check if the group that caused the error was added properly.

If you need a quick video (No sound) of how to import / setup the TSM from scratch, [click here](https://youtu.be/-iwthyf1_o0).

# Changes to the Setup

> 06/03/2025 Changes
> - Added alchemy boe trinkets from outland as diff ilvls
> - Added missing patterns

> 28/02/2025 Changes
> - Adding 11.1 Items including BoEs
> - Added a lot of missing patterns
> - Added missing toys
> - Added Karazhan king loot table to groups
> - Added missing materials and misc items
> - Added many more things...

> 03/01/2025 Changes
> - Added 3 missing items to other groups

> 24/12/2024 Changes
> - A few operations still had undercut set to 1s, now changed to not undercut anything anymore. Last posted is first bought, so no need to undercut, ever.
> - Added a few TWW Recipes which were missing
> - Many other things over the past month, mostly item adjustments in groups.

> 16/11/2024 Changes
> - Simplifying operation min/max/normal prices
> - Min price now uses an average of just DBMarket and DBRegionMarketAvg, removing DBHistorical / DBRegionHistorical
> - Max price now uses just DBRegionMarketAvg instead of an average of DBRegionMarketAvg,DBRegionHistorical, and DBRegionSaleAvg
> - Normal price now uses just DBRegionMarketAvg instead of an average of DBRegionMarketAvg,DBRegionHistorical, and DBRegionSaleAvg
> - Lowered the min price of some operations by 5 to 10 percent, such as transmog since there were some complaints from people (Mostly ArgentDawn players lol)
> - Higher Max price set for xmog and patterns now that they just use DBRegionMarketAvg
> - Higher normal price of some operations such as Consumables, materials (region ah stuff), since if there are none available, it should be higher value.
> - Set bid percentage to 100% on all operations so there is just a buyout option (Who on earth bids nowadays anyway...)
> - Set XMOG operation to 12h post duration, down from 24h
> - Added some missing items to groups (There are probs more, WIP)

> 20/10/2024 Changes
> - Added more missing items
> - Moved now obtainable items out of unobtainables into their intended groups

> 05/10/2024 Changes
> - Added some missing items
> - Moved incorrectly grouped items to their intended groups (Some items may still be in the wrong group, slowly sorting)

> 04/09/2024 Changes
> - Added all level 1 & level 25 versions of TWW battle pets
> - Split battle pet groups to prevent future game crashes
> - Added new DMF Trinkets
> - Moved more items around to diff groups
> - idk what else i did but i did a lot xd

> 03/09/2024 Changes
> - Added TWW Items
> - Added Dragonflight Items
> - Added Naxx Crafts/Patterns
> - Added ZG Crafts/Patterns
> - Added many materials / consumables
> - Moved some items out of unobtainable as they are now obtainable (May be some still there that can be obtained)
> - Many enchants added

> 02/09/2024 Changes
> - Spread XMOG Group to prevent game memory crashes when adding/moving/removing from xmog group
> - Corrected 1 pattern to be in pattern group, was for some reason in xmog
> - Removing further invalid items from other groups
> - Merging Shadowlands groups to legacy in prep for adding new war within items
> - TBC - Work to add Dragonflight / War Within stuff

> 01/02/2022 Changes
> - Removed single export file due to the export being too big and causing errors.
> - Added individual group exports, due to TSM4 Errors

> 24/01/2022 Changes
> - Added a load of missing level 1 & 25 pets to the groups
> - Added a couple of Vanilla - BfA transmog items
> - Increased normal operation price for transmog (Was posting below region market avg, should now post at or just above (based on region sale avg and historical too)).
> - Probably added other things, I forgot about, who knows?

> 04/01/2022 Changes
> - Added additional 9.1.5 Items (Cosmetics, etc)
> - Fixed "Invalid price" some people were getting? I think?


> 21/08/2021 Changes
> - Shadowlands: Fixed TSM Strings (Should no longer error)
> - Shadowlands: Added some 9.1 Items to the groups
